Create Python Entry for random.sample() (#566)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/random-module/terms/sample/sample.md

---
Title: '.sample()'

> Description: 'Returns a given number of randomly selected items from a given population.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a list of items randomly selected from a given population.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Random'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Statistics'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
---

> The `random.sample()` method takes a population (list, range, set) and a number as arguments and returns a list consisting of that number of randomly selected, non-duplicated, items from the population.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `random.sample()` method takes a population (list, range, set, or string) and a number as arguments. It returns a list with the specified number of items. Each item is randomly selected without duplication from the population.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
random.sample(<population>,<number>)
```

> Where `<population>` is the list (or range, or set) where items are being selected from, and `<number>` is the number of items selected to return.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where `<population>` is the sequence the items are selected from, and `<number>` is the number of item(s) to be returned.
```

> Where `<population>` is the sequence the items are selected from, and `<number>` is the number of item(s) to be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `population` is a sequence of items can either be a [list](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/lists), [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/strings), or [range](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/built-in-functions/range). If [sets](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/sets) are used, they should be converted to a list or [tuple](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/tuples) before being passed to this method.
```

Looks like [newer versions of `random.sample()` aren't so nice to sets](https://docs.python.org/3/library/random.html#:~:text=Deprecated%20since%20version%203.9%3A%20In%20the%20future%2C%20the%20population%20must%20be%20a%20sequence.%20Instances%20of%20set%20are%20no%20longer%20supported.%20The%20set%20must%20first%20be%20converted%20to%20a%20list%20or%20tuple%2C%20preferably%20in%20a%20deterministic%20order%20so%20that%20the%20sample%20is%20reproducible.). Let's err on the side of caution and use the recommendations described in the suggestion above.

## Codebyte Example

> ```codebyte/py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```codebyte/python
```

According to the `LanguageOptions` constants for codebytes in [Codecademy's `client-modules` repo](https://github.com/Codecademy/client-modules/blob/main/packages/codebytes/src/consts.ts) should be spelled out. This is also the case when commenting on [the discuss forums](https://discuss.codecademy.com/)

import random

> myRange = range(1000)
> 
> mySample = random.sample(myRange,10)
> 
> print(mySample)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
my_range = range(1000)

my_sample = random.sample(my_range,10)

print(my_sample)
```
